README.md, before:

# Dumb Drop

A stupidly simple file upload application that provides a clean, modern interface for dragging and dropping files. Built with Node.js and vanilla JavaScript.

No auth, no storage, no nothing. Just a simple file uploader to drop dumb files into a dumb folder.

## Features

- Drag and drop file uploads
- Multiple file selection
- Clean, responsive UI
- File size display
- Docker support
- Configurable upload directory

# Future Features
- Camera Upload for Mobile
- Dark Mode toggle
- Enhanced Progress Features (upload speed display, time remaining estimation)
- Drag and Drop Directory Support (Maintain file structure in upload)

## Quick Start

### Running Locally

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Create an uploads directory and set environment variables in `.env`:
```env
PORT=3000                  # Port to run the server on
```

3. Start the server:
```bash
npm start
```

### Running with Docker

#### Pull from Docker Hub
```bash
# Pull the image
docker pull abite3/dumbdrop:latest

# Run the container
# For Linux/Mac:
docker run -p 3000:3000 -v $(pwd)/local_uploads:/uploads abite3/dumbdrop:latest

# For Windows PowerShell:
docker run -p 3000:3000 -v "${PWD}\local_uploads:/uploads" abite3/dumbdrop:latest
```

#### Build Locally
1. Build the Docker image:
```bash
docker build -t dumbdrop .
```

2. Run the container:
```bash
# For Linux/Mac:
docker run -p 3000:3000 -v $(pwd)/local_uploads:/uploads dumbdrop

# For Windows PowerShell:
docker run -p 3000:3000 -v "${PWD}\local_uploads:/uploads" dumbdrop
```

## Usage

1. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` (unless another domain has been setup)
2. Drag and drop files into the upload area or click "Browse Files"
3. Select one or multiple files
4. Click "Upload Files"
5. Files will be saved to the configured upload directory

## Technical Details

- Backend: Node.js with Express
- Frontend: Vanilla JavaScript with modern drag-and-drop API
- File handling: Multer middleware (1GB file size limit)
- Containerization: Docker with automated builds via GitHub Actions

Commit message:

Add File Size Limit Variable, Folder Uploads & Dark Mode
Added MAX_FILE_SIZE variable to limit upload size
Added Dark Mode toggle to UI - Default is dark on load
Added Folder Upload with nested directories

README.md, after:

# Dumb Drop

A stupidly simple file upload application that provides a clean, modern interface for dragging and dropping files. Built with Node.js and vanilla JavaScript.

No auth, no storage, no nothing. Just a simple file uploader to drop dumb files into a dumb folder.

## Features

- Drag and drop file uploads
- Multiple file selection
- Clean, responsive UI
- File size display
- Docker support
- Configurable file size limits

# Future Features
- Camera Upload for Mobile
- Dark Mode toggle
- Enhanced Progress Features (upload speed display, time remaining estimation)
- Drag and Drop Directory Support (Maintain file structure in upload)

## Quick Start

### Running Locally

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Set environment variables in `.env`:
```env
PORT=3000                  # Port to run the server on
MAX_FILE_SIZE=1024         # Maximum file size in MB (default: 1024 MB / 1 GB)
```

3. Start the server:
```bash
npm start
```

### Running with Docker

#### Pull from Docker Hub
```bash
# Pull the image
docker pull abite3/dumbdrop:latest

# Run the container
# For Linux/Mac:
docker run -p 3000:3000 -v $(pwd)/local_uploads:/uploads abite3/dumbdrop:latest

# For Windows PowerShell:
docker run -p 3000:3000 -v "${PWD}\local_uploads:/uploads" abite3/dumbdrop:latest
```

#### Build Locally
1. Build the Docker image:
```bash
docker build -t dumbdrop .
```

2. Run the container:
```bash
# For Linux/Mac:
docker run -p 3000:3000 -v $(pwd)/local_uploads:/uploads dumbdrop

# For Windows PowerShell:
docker run -p 3000:3000 -v "${PWD}\local_uploads:/uploads" dumbdrop
```

## Usage

1. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` (unless another domain has been setup)
2. Drag and drop files into the upload area or click "Browse Files"
3. Select one or multiple files
4. Click "Upload Files"
5. Files will be saved to:
   - Local development: `./uploads` directory
   - Docker/Unraid: The directory you mapped to `/uploads` in the container

## Technical Details

- Backend: Node.js with Express
- Frontend: Vanilla JavaScript with modern drag-and-drop API
- File handling: Chunked file uploads with configurable size limits
- Containerization: Docker with automated builds via GitHub Actions
